guru/springframework/converters/CategoryToCategoryCommandTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.CategoryToCategoryCommandTest
guru/springframework/controllers/RecipeControllerTest.java
 guru.springframework.controllers.RecipeControllerTest
guru/springframework/repositories/reactive/CategoryReactiveRepositoryIT.java
 guru.springframework.repositories.reactive.CategoryReactiveRepositoryIT
guru/springframework/controllers/reactive/IndexReactiveControllerTest.java
 guru.springframework.controllers.reactive.IndexReactiveControllerTest
guru/springframework/converters/NotesToNotesCommandTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.NotesToNotesCommandTest
guru/springframework/converters/IngredientToIngredientCommandTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.IngredientToIngredientCommandTest
guru/springframework/converters/RecipeCommandToRecipeTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.RecipeCommandToRecipeTest
guru/springframework/converters/IngredientCommandToIngredientTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.IngredientCommandToIngredientTest
guru/springframework/converters/UnitOfMeasureCommandToUnitOfMeasureTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.UnitOfMeasureCommandToUnitOfMeasureTest
guru/springframework/services/RecipeServiceImplTest.java
 guru.springframework.services.RecipeServiceImplTest
guru/springframework/converters/RecipeToRecipeCommandTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.RecipeToRecipeCommandTest
guru/springframework/controllers/ImageControllerTest.java
 guru.springframework.controllers.ImageControllerTest
guru/springframework/repositories/reactive/RecipeReactiveRepositoryIT.java
 guru.springframework.repositories.reactive.RecipeReactiveRepositoryIT
guru/springframework/converters/CategoryCommandToCategoryTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.CategoryCommandToCategoryTest
guru/springframework/Spring5RecipeAppApplicationTests.java
 guru.springframework.Spring5RecipeAppApplicationTests
guru/springframework/controllers/IndexControllerTest.java
 guru.springframework.controllers.IndexControllerTest
guru/springframework/services/reactive/ImageReactiveServiceImplTest.java
 guru.springframework.services.reactive.ImageReactiveServiceImplTest
guru/springframework/controllers/reactive/IngredientReactiveControllerTest.java
 guru.springframework.controllers.reactive.IngredientReactiveControllerTest
guru/springframework/repositories/reactive/UnitOfMeasureReactiveRepositoryIT.java
 guru.springframework.repositories.reactive.UnitOfMeasureReactiveRepositoryIT
guru/springframework/services/reactive/IngredientReactiveServiceImplTest.java
 guru.springframework.services.reactive.IngredientReactiveServiceImplTest
guru/springframework/repositories/UnitOfMeasureRepositoryIT.java
 guru.springframework.repositories.UnitOfMeasureRepositoryIT
guru/springframework/domain/CategoryTest.java
 guru.springframework.domain.CategoryTest
guru/springframework/converters/NotesCommandToNotesTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.NotesCommandToNotesTest
guru/springframework/converters/UnitOfMeasureToUnitOfMeasureCommandTest.java
 guru.springframework.converters.UnitOfMeasureToUnitOfMeasureCommandTest
guru/springframework/services/UnitOfMeasureServiceImplTest.java
 guru.springframework.services.UnitOfMeasureServiceImplTest
guru/springframework/services/RecipeServiceIT.java
 guru.springframework.services.RecipeServiceIT
guru/springframework/services/ImageServiceImplTest.java
 guru.springframework.services.ImageServiceImplTest
guru/springframework/services/IngredientServiceImplTest.java
 guru.springframework.services.IngredientServiceImplTest
guru/springframework/services/reactive/RecipeReactiveServiceImplTest.java
 guru.springframework.services.reactive.RecipeReactiveServiceImplTest
guru/springframework/controllers/reactive/ImageReactiveControllerTest.java
 guru.springframework.controllers.reactive.ImageReactiveControllerTest
guru/springframework/controllers/IngredientControllerTest.java
 guru.springframework.controllers.IngredientControllerTest
